My advice to you is get married: If you find a good wife you’ll be happy; if not, you’ll become a philosopher
If you want to be sure that you never forget your wife’s birthday, just try forgetting it once
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet service to see who they really are
Never criticize your spouse’s faults; if it weren’t for them, your mate might have found someone better than you
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight
Instead of getting married again, I’m going to find a woman I don’t like and give her a house
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes
Adults are always asking children what they want to be when they grow up because they’re looking for ideas
A perfect parent is a person with excellent child-rearing theories and no actual children
Just be good and kind to your children. Not only are they the future of the world, they’re the ones who can sign you into a home
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them
If you are not yelling at your kids, you are not spending enough time with them
When your mother asks, ‘Do you want a piece of advice?’ it is a mere formality. It doesn’t matter if you answer yes or no. You’re going to get it anyway
Kids are expensive, I didn’t even realize how broke I was until last year someone stole my identity and it ruined her life
I want my children to have all the things I couldn’t afford. Then I want to move in with them
It seems I have spent a lifetime of mouthing mechanically, ‘Say thank you. Sit up straight. Use your napkin. Close your mouth when you chew. Don’t lean back in your chair.’ Just when I finally got my husband squared away, the kids came along
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family
There are two classes of travel—first class and with children
Happiness is having a large, caring, close-knit family in another city
When your children are teenagers, it’s important to have a dog so that someone in the house is happy to see you
A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down
If dogs could talk, it would take a lot of fun out of owning one
If you think dogs can’t count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only two of them
The cat could very well be man’s best friend but would never stoop to admitting it
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can’t get eight cats to pull a sled through snow
In order to maintain a well­-balanced perspective, the person who has a dog to worship him should also have a cat to ignore him
Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods. Cats have never forgotten this
Friends are God’s way of apologizing to us for our families
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they’re okay, then it’s you
The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people
If you can’t beat them, arrange to have them beaten
If you want to know what God thinks of money, look at the people he gave it to
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need most
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level. It’s cheaper
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I have always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made
Anybody who tells you money can’t buy happiness never had any
Misers are no fun to live with, but they make great ancestors
Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn’t the work he is supposed to be doing at that moment
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours
Doing nothing is very hard to do. You never know when you’re finished
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first
All I’ve ever wanted was an honest week’s pay for an honest day’s work
A college education is one of the few things a person is willing to pay for and not get
In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age
You are only young once. After that you have to think up some other excuse
